[EDU-5389] Eleventy E-commerce Templates guide (#1303)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/additional-resources/templates-and-integrations/understand-azion-templates.mdx

    icon-pos="left"
  />

#### Eleventy E-commerce

> The Eleventy E-commerce Templates collection presents a number of templates to deploy an e-commerce application based on Eleventy. You can choose and deploy the template that best fits your needs and preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Eleventy E-commerce Templates collection presents a number of templates for deploying an e-commerce application based on Eleventy (11ty). You can choose and deploy the template that best fits your needs and preferences.
```
